README.md, before:

# The Harbor website

This repo houses the assets used to build the Harbor website, available at https://goharbor.io.

## Tools

The website is built and developed using the [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) static site generator.

Instructions for installing Hugo can be found [here](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/). Use the version of Hugo specified by the `HUGO_VERSION` environment variable in the [`netlify.toml`](./netlify.toml) configuration file, and make sure to install the "extended" version of Hugo with support for [Hugo Pipes](https://gohugo.io/hugo-pipes/introduction/).

[backport](https://github.com/sqren/backport) is used to backport PRs into different release branches.

## Website content

The content for the [Harbor blog](https://goharbor.io/blog) is in [`content/blog`](./content/blog), while the content for the Harbor documentation is in the [`docs`](./docs) folder.

The latest (edge) version of the documentation lives in the [`docs`](./docs) folder on the `master` branch, and is always viewable on https://goharbor.io/docs/edge. Documentation for specific released versions lives in its own release branch, for example `release-2.1.0`.

### Creating a PR

In general, all PRs should be made against the `master` branch to update the edge version of the docs. If you are making a change that also affects released versions, indicate which release branches to update in your PR so the website maintainers can backport your changes.

If you are making a change that is specific to a single released version of documentation, make a PR against that branch (`release-X`). For example, if you are fixing something specific to v2.1.0 you should make a PR against the release-2.1.0 branch only. If you are fixing something that impacts v2.1.0 docs and all future versions, you should make the PR against the `master` branch and so the change can also be backported to the v2.1.0 docs.

A preview of your changes is viewable through the Netlify preview linked in the PR tests. Use this to verify that your changes look good before asking the maintainers for a review. When updating the edge version make sure you add `/docs/edge/` to the preview URL to see your changes.

### Creating release docs

When creating docs for a new release, please create a branch with the format `release-X.Y.Z`.
When you want to make these docs available through the dropdown menu, put the following into the `config.toml` file, above all other versions (versions are linked based on order in the config file):

```
[[params.versions]]
harborversion = "X.Y.Z"
helmversion = "1.3"
branchname = "release-X.Y.Z"
```

As last step, update the [_index.md](https://github.com/goharbor/website/blob/master/docs/_index.md) file with the new version number and correct links.


After a release, update the [backport](https://github.com/sqren/backport) tool configuration file, `.backportrc.json`, with the new release branch name. 

### CSS

The CSS for the site is built from [Sass](https://sass-lang.com) inputs in the [`assets/sass`](./assets/sass) directory. There is also a small amount of JavaScript logic for the site in [`assets/js/app.js`](./assets/js/app.js).

## Publishing the website

The Harbor website is published automatically on the [Netlify](https://netlify.com) platform. Whenever changes are pushed to the `master` branch, the site is re-built and re-deployed, usually within about one minute.

## Run the Harbor website locally

### Step 1: Clone project

```sh
git clone https://github.com/goharbor/website.git
cd website
```

## Step 2: Load documentation content

The Markdown content for the Harbor [docs](https://goharbor.io/docs) is drawn from the [`docs`](./docs) folder and the `release-X` branches. To pull that content into your local website repo:

```sh
make prepare
```

This copies the `docs` directory and the `release-X` branches into this repo's [`content`](./content) folder, separated by versions, where it can be processed by Hugo.

## Step 3: Install npm dependencies

```sh
npm i
```

## Step 4: Run Hugo in server mode

```sh
make serve
```

This starts up the local Hugo server on http://localhost:1313. As you make changes, the site refreshes automatically in your browser.

## Checking links

To run the link checker for the Harbor website:

```sh
make check-internal-links
```

This command builds the site (including drafts and future content), downloads the [htmltest](https://github.com/wjdp/htmltest) link checker into your local directory, and runs the checker in accordance with the configuration specified in [`.htmltest.yml`](./.htmltest.yml). Only internal links are checked and all errors are piped to stdout.

Commit message:

update readme with changes for main branch
Signed-off-by: Abigail McCarthy <mabigail@vmware.com>
Signed-off-by: eugeneivanov101 <100969631+eugeneivanov101@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# The Harbor website

This repo houses the assets used to build the Harbor website, available at https://goharbor.io.

## Tools

The website is built and developed using the [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) static site generator.

Instructions for installing Hugo can be found [here](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/). Use the version of Hugo specified by the `HUGO_VERSION` environment variable in the [`netlify.toml`](./netlify.toml) configuration file, and make sure to install the "extended" version of Hugo with support for [Hugo Pipes](https://gohugo.io/hugo-pipes/introduction/).

[backport](https://github.com/sqren/backport) is used to backport PRs into different release branches.

## Website content

The content for the [Harbor blog](https://goharbor.io/blog) is in [`content/blog`](./content/blog), while the content for the Harbor documentation is in the [`docs`](./docs) folder.

The latest (edge) version of the documentation lives in the [`docs`](./docs) folder on the `main` branch, and is always viewable on https://goharbor.io/docs/edge. Documentation for specific released versions lives in its own release branch, for example `release-2.1.0`.

### Creating a PR

In general, all PRs should be made against the `main` branch to update the edge version of the docs. If you are making a change that also affects released versions, indicate which release branches to update in your PR so a website maintainer can backport your changes.

If you are making a change that is specific to a single released version of documentation, make a PR against that branch (`release-X`). For example, if you are fixing something specific to v2.1.0 you should make a PR against the release-2.1.0 branch only. If you are fixing something that impacts v2.1.0 docs and all future versions, you should make the PR against the `main` branch so the change can also be backported to the v2.1.0 docs.

A preview of your changes is viewable through the Netlify preview linked in the PR tests. Use this to verify that your changes look good before asking the maintainers for a review. When updating the edge version make sure you add `/docs/edge/` to the preview URL to see your changes.

### Creating release docs

When creating docs for a new release, please create a branch with the format `release-X.Y.Z`.
When you want to make these docs available through the dropdown menu, put the following into the `config.toml` file, above all other versions (versions are linked based on order in the config file):

```
[[params.versions]]
harborversion = "X.Y.Z"
helmversion = "1.3"
branchname = "release-X.Y.Z"
```

As last step, update the [_index.md](https://github.com/goharbor/website/blob/master/docs/_index.md) file with the new version number and correct links.


After a release, update the [backport](https://github.com/sqren/backport) tool configuration file, `.backportrc.json`, with the new release branch name.

### CSS

The CSS for the site is built from [Sass](https://sass-lang.com) inputs in the [`assets/sass`](./assets/sass) directory. There is also a small amount of JavaScript logic for the site in [`assets/js/app.js`](./assets/js/app.js).

## Publishing the website

The Harbor website is published automatically on the [Netlify](https://netlify.com) platform. Whenever changes are merged, the site is re-built and re-deployed, usually within about one minute.

## Run the Harbor website locally

### Step 1: Clone project

```sh
git clone https://github.com/goharbor/website.git
cd website
```

## Step 2: Load documentation content

The Markdown content for the Harbor [docs](https://goharbor.io/docs) is drawn from the [`docs`](./docs) folder and the `release-X` branches. To pull that content into your local website repo:

```sh
make prepare
```

This copies the `docs` directory and the `release-X` branches into this repo's [`content`](./content) folder, separated by versions, where it can be processed by Hugo.

## Step 3: Install npm dependencies

```sh
npm i
```

## Step 4: Run Hugo in server mode

```sh
make serve
```

This starts up the local Hugo server on http://localhost:1313. As you make changes, the site refreshes automatically in your browser.

## Checking links

To run the link checker for the Harbor website:

```sh
make check-internal-links
```

This command builds the site (including drafts and future content), downloads the [htmltest](https://github.com/wjdp/htmltest) link checker into your local directory, and runs the checker in accordance with the configuration specified in [`.htmltest.yml`](./.htmltest.yml). Only internal links are checked and all errors are piped to stdout.
