docs/install-config/configure-user-settings-cli.md, before:

---
title: Configure Harbor User Settings
weight: 65
---

User settings are configured separately from the [system settings](configure-yml-file.md). You can change user settings in the Harbor interface, through HTTP requests, or using an environment variable. This page describes the available user settings, and how to use the commandline or environment variable to update user settings.

See the [Managing Users](../administration/managing-users) section for more information about updating user settings through the Harbor interface.

## Example Configuration Commands for the Commandline

**Add a new user in the local database:**

```sh
curl -X PUT -u "<username>:<password>" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -ki <Harbor Server URL>/api/v2.0/configurations -d'{"<item_name>":"<item_value>"}'
```

**Get the current configuration:**

```sh
curl -u "<username>:<password>" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -ki <Harbor Server URL>/api/v2.0/configurations
```

**Update Harbor to use LDAP authentication:**

Command

```shell
curl -X PUT -u "<username>:<password>" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -ki https://harbor.sample.domain/api/v2.0/configurations -d'{"auth_mode":"ldap_auth"}'
```

Output

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Server: nginx
Date: Wed, 08 May 2019 08:22:02 GMT
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
Content-Length: 0
Connection: keep-alive
Set-Cookie: sid=a5803a1265e2b095cf65ce1d8bbd79b1; Path=/; HttpOnly
```

**Restrict project creation to Harbor administrators:**

Command

```shell
curl -X PUT -u "<username>:<password>" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -ki https://harbor.sample.domain/api/v2.0/configurations -d'{"project_creation_restriction":"adminonly"}'
```

Output

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Server: nginx
Date: Wed, 08 May 2019 08:24:32 GMT
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
Content-Length: 0
Connection: keep-alive
Set-Cookie: sid=b7925eaf7af53bdefb13bdcae201a14a; Path=/; HttpOnly
```

**Update the token expiration time:**

Command

```shell
curl -X PUT -u "<username>:<password>" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -ki https://harbor.sample.domain/api/v2.0/configurations -d'{"token_expiration":"300"}'
```

Output

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Server: nginx
Date: Wed, 08 May 2019 08:23:38 GMT
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
Content-Length: 0
Connection: keep-alive
Set-Cookie: sid=cc1bc93ffa2675253fc62b4bf3d9de0e; Path=/; HttpOnly
```

## Configure Users Settings using an Environment Variable

Introduced in 2.3.0 is the ability to use an environment variable, `CONFIG_OVERWRITE_JSON`, in the core container to configure user settings. Once the `CONFIG_OVERWRITE_JSON` variable is set, you can only update or remove settings by updating the `CONFIG_OVERWRITE_JSON` and restarting the container. You will not be able to update user settings in the Harbor interface or in the commandline.

**Example CONFIG_OVERWRITE_JSON configuration:**

```
CONFIG_OVERWRITE_JSON={"ldap_verify_cert":"false", "auth_mode":"ldap_auth","ldap_base_dn":"dc=example,dc=com", "ldap_search_dn":"cn=admin,dc=example,dc=com","ldap_search_password":"admin","ldap_url”:”myldap.example.com", "ldap_scope":2}

```

See the [user settings](#harbor-user-settings) table below for more information about available inputs for `CONFIG_OVERWRITE_JSON`.

{{< note >}}
If there is a legacy user in your instance of Harbor, the authentication mode can’t be changed by the environment variable `CONFIG_OVERWRITE_JSON`.
{{< /note >}}


## Harbor user settings

| Configure item name | Description  | Type | Required | Default Value |
| ------------ |------------ | ---- | ----- | ----- |
auth_mode | Authentication mode, it can be db_auth, ldap_auth, uaa_auth or oidc_auth  | string
email_from |   Email from  |  string | required (email feature)
email_host |   Email server  |  string | required (email feature)
email_identity |  Email identity  | string | optional (email feature)
email_password |  Email password | string | required (email feature)
email_insecure |  Email verify certificate, true or false |boolean  | optional (email feature) | false
email_port |    Email server port | number | required (email feature)
email_ssl |    Email SSL | boolean    | optional | false
email_username |  Email username | string | required (email feature)
ldap_url |  LDAP URL | string | required |
ldap_base_dn |   LDAP base DN  | string | required(ldap_auth)
ldap_filter |    LDAP filter | string | optional
ldap_scope |  LDAP search scope, 0-Base Level, 1- One Level, 2-Sub Tree | number | optional | 2-Sub Tree
ldap_search_dn |  LDAP DN to search LDAP users| string | required(ldap_auth)
ldap_search_password |  LDAP DN's password  |string | required(ldap_auth)
ldap_timeout |  LDAP connection timeout | number | optional | 5
ldap_uid |  LDAP attribute to indicate the username in Harbor | string | optional | cn
ldap_verify_cert | Verify cert when create SSL connection with LDAP server, true or false | boolean | optional | true
ldap_group_admin_dn |  LDAP Group Admin DN | string | optional
ldap_group_attribute_name | LDAP Group Attribute, the LDAP attribute indicate the groupname in Harbor, it can be gid or cn | string | optional | cn
ldap_group_base_dn |  The Base DN which to search the LDAP groups | string | required(ldap_auth and LDAP group)
ldap_group_search_filter | The filter to search LDAP groups | string | optional
ldap_group_search_scope | LDAP group search scope, 0-Base Level, 1- One Level, 2-Sub Tree | number | optional | 2-Sub Tree|
ldap_group_membership_attribute |  LDAP group membership attribute, to indicate the group membership, it can be memberof, or ismemberof | string | optional | memberof
project_creation_restriction | The option to indicate user can be create object, it can be everyone, adminonly | string | optional | everyone
read_only | The option to set repository read only, it can be true or false | boolean | optional | false
self_registration | User can register account in Harbor, it can be true or false | boolean | optional| true
token_expiration | Security token expirtation time in minutes | number |optional| 30
uaa_client_id | UAA client ID | string | required(uaa_auth)
uaa_client_secret | UAA certificate | string | required(uaa_auth)
uaa_endpoint | UAA endpoint | string |  required(uaa_auth)
uaa_verify_cert | UAA verify cert, true or false | boolean | optional | true
oidc_name | Name for OIDC authentication | string | required(oidc_auth)
oidc_endpoint | Endpoint for OIDC auth | string | required(oidc_auth)
oidc_client_id | Client id for OIDC auth | string | required(oidc_auth)
oidc_client_secret | Client secret for OIDC auth |string | required(oidc_auth)
oidc_scope | Ccope for OIDC auth | string| required(oidc_auth)
oidc_verify_cert | Verify certificate for OIDC auth, true or false | boolean | optional| true
robot_token_duration | Robot token expiration time in minutes | number | optional | 43200 (30days)

{{< note >}}
Both booleans and numbers can be enclosed with double quote in the request json, for example: `123`, `"123"`, `"true"` or `true` is OK.
{{< /note >}}

Commit message:

complete user settings
Add options `oidc_auto_onboard`, `oidc_groups_claim`, `oidc_admin_group`, `oidc_user_claim` in table **Harbor user settings**

Signed-off-by: Sébastien Rodriguez <sebtiz13@gmail.com>

docs/install-config/configure-user-settings-cli.md, after:

---
title: Configure Harbor User Settings
weight: 65
---

User settings are configured separately from the [system settings](configure-yml-file.md). You can change user settings in the Harbor interface, through HTTP requests, or using an environment variable. This page describes the available user settings, and how to use the commandline or environment variable to update user settings.

See the [Managing Users](../administration/managing-users) section for more information about updating user settings through the Harbor interface.

## Example Configuration Commands for the Commandline

**Add a new user in the local database:**

```sh
curl -X PUT -u "<username>:<password>" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -ki <Harbor Server URL>/api/v2.0/configurations -d'{"<item_name>":"<item_value>"}'
```

**Get the current configuration:**

```sh
curl -u "<username>:<password>" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -ki <Harbor Server URL>/api/v2.0/configurations
```

**Update Harbor to use LDAP authentication:**

Command

```shell
curl -X PUT -u "<username>:<password>" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -ki https://harbor.sample.domain/api/v2.0/configurations -d'{"auth_mode":"ldap_auth"}'
```

Output

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Server: nginx
Date: Wed, 08 May 2019 08:22:02 GMT
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
Content-Length: 0
Connection: keep-alive
Set-Cookie: sid=a5803a1265e2b095cf65ce1d8bbd79b1; Path=/; HttpOnly
```

**Restrict project creation to Harbor administrators:**

Command

```shell
curl -X PUT -u "<username>:<password>" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -ki https://harbor.sample.domain/api/v2.0/configurations -d'{"project_creation_restriction":"adminonly"}'
```

Output

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Server: nginx
Date: Wed, 08 May 2019 08:24:32 GMT
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
Content-Length: 0
Connection: keep-alive
Set-Cookie: sid=b7925eaf7af53bdefb13bdcae201a14a; Path=/; HttpOnly
```

**Update the token expiration time:**

Command

```shell
curl -X PUT -u "<username>:<password>" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -ki https://harbor.sample.domain/api/v2.0/configurations -d'{"token_expiration":"300"}'
```

Output

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Server: nginx
Date: Wed, 08 May 2019 08:23:38 GMT
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
Content-Length: 0
Connection: keep-alive
Set-Cookie: sid=cc1bc93ffa2675253fc62b4bf3d9de0e; Path=/; HttpOnly
```

## Configure Users Settings using an Environment Variable

Introduced in 2.3.0 is the ability to use an environment variable, `CONFIG_OVERWRITE_JSON`, in the core container to configure user settings. Once the `CONFIG_OVERWRITE_JSON` variable is set, you can only update or remove settings by updating the `CONFIG_OVERWRITE_JSON` and restarting the container. You will not be able to update user settings in the Harbor interface or in the commandline.

**Example CONFIG_OVERWRITE_JSON configuration:**

```
CONFIG_OVERWRITE_JSON={"ldap_verify_cert":"false", "auth_mode":"ldap_auth","ldap_base_dn":"dc=example,dc=com", "ldap_search_dn":"cn=admin,dc=example,dc=com","ldap_search_password":"admin","ldap_url”:”myldap.example.com", "ldap_scope":2}

```

See the [user settings](#harbor-user-settings) table below for more information about available inputs for `CONFIG_OVERWRITE_JSON`.

{{< note >}}
If there is a legacy user in your instance of Harbor, the authentication mode can’t be changed by the environment variable `CONFIG_OVERWRITE_JSON`.
{{< /note >}}


## Harbor user settings

| Configure item name | Description  | Type | Required | Default Value |
| ------------ |------------ | ---- | ----- | ----- |
auth_mode | Authentication mode, it can be db_auth, ldap_auth, uaa_auth or oidc_auth  | string
email_from |   Email from  |  string | required (email feature)
email_host |   Email server  |  string | required (email feature)
email_identity |  Email identity  | string | optional (email feature)
email_password |  Email password | string | required (email feature)
email_insecure |  Email verify certificate, true or false |boolean  | optional (email feature) | false
email_port |    Email server port | number | required (email feature)
email_ssl |    Email SSL | boolean    | optional | false
email_username |  Email username | string | required (email feature)
ldap_url |  LDAP URL | string | required |
ldap_base_dn |   LDAP base DN  | string | required(ldap_auth)
ldap_filter |    LDAP filter | string | optional
ldap_scope |  LDAP search scope, 0-Base Level, 1- One Level, 2-Sub Tree | number | optional | 2-Sub Tree
ldap_search_dn |  LDAP DN to search LDAP users| string | required(ldap_auth)
ldap_search_password |  LDAP DN's password  |string | required(ldap_auth)
ldap_timeout |  LDAP connection timeout | number | optional | 5
ldap_uid |  LDAP attribute to indicate the username in Harbor | string | optional | cn
ldap_verify_cert | Verify cert when create SSL connection with LDAP server, true or false | boolean | optional | true
ldap_group_admin_dn |  LDAP Group Admin DN | string | optional
ldap_group_attribute_name | LDAP Group Attribute, the LDAP attribute indicate the groupname in Harbor, it can be gid or cn | string | optional | cn
ldap_group_base_dn |  The Base DN which to search the LDAP groups | string | required(ldap_auth and LDAP group)
ldap_group_search_filter | The filter to search LDAP groups | string | optional
ldap_group_search_scope | LDAP group search scope, 0-Base Level, 1- One Level, 2-Sub Tree | number | optional | 2-Sub Tree|
ldap_group_membership_attribute |  LDAP group membership attribute, to indicate the group membership, it can be memberof, or ismemberof | string | optional | memberof
project_creation_restriction | The option to indicate user can be create object, it can be everyone, adminonly | string | optional | everyone
read_only | The option to set repository read only, it can be true or false | boolean | optional | false
self_registration | User can register account in Harbor, it can be true or false | boolean | optional| true
token_expiration | Security token expirtation time in minutes | number |optional| 30
uaa_client_id | UAA client ID | string | required(uaa_auth)
uaa_client_secret | UAA certificate | string | required(uaa_auth)
uaa_endpoint | UAA endpoint | string |  required(uaa_auth)
uaa_verify_cert | UAA verify cert, true or false | boolean | optional | true
oidc_name | Name for OIDC authentication | string | required(oidc_auth)
oidc_endpoint | Endpoint for OIDC auth | string | required(oidc_auth)
oidc_client_id | Client id for OIDC auth | string | required(oidc_auth)
oidc_client_secret | Client secret for OIDC auth | string | required(oidc_auth)
oidc_scope | Scope for OIDC auth | string| required(oidc_auth)
oidc_verify_cert | Verify certificate for OIDC auth, true or false | boolean | optional | true
oidc_auto_onboard | Auto onboard the OIDC user, true or false | boolean | optional | false
oidc_groups_claim | Name of claims in the ID token, whose contain the list of groups names | string | optional |
oidc_admin_group | The OIDC group which has the harbor admin privileges | string | optional |
oidc_user_claim | The attribute claims the username | string | optional |
robot_token_duration | Robot token expiration time in minutes | number | optional | 43200 (30days)

{{< note >}}
Both booleans and numbers can be enclosed with double quote in the request json, for example: `123`, `"123"`, `"true"` or `true` is OK.
{{< /note >}}
