docs/harbor-doc-reorg/install_config/installation/configure_https.md, before:

# Configure HTTPS Access to Harbor

Because Harbor does not ship with any certificates, it uses HTTP by default to serve registry requests.  However, it is highly recommended that security be enabled for any production environment. Harbor has an Nginx instance as a reverse proxy for all services, you can use the prepare script to configure Nginx to enable https.

In a test or development environment, you may choose to use a self-signed certificate instead of the one from a trusted third-party CA. The followings will show you how to create your own CA, and use your CA to sign a server certificate and a client certificate. 

## Getting Certificate Authority

```
  openssl genrsa -out ca.key 4096
```
```
  openssl req -x509 -new -nodes -sha512 -days 3650 \
    -subj "/C=TW/ST=Taipei/L=Taipei/O=example/OU=Personal/CN=yourdomain.com" \
    -key ca.key \
    -out ca.crt
```

## Getting Server Certificate

Assuming that your registry's **hostname** is **yourdomain.com**, and that its DNS record points to the host where you are running Harbor. In production environment, you first should get a certificate from a CA. In a test or development environment, you can use your own CA. The certificate usually contains a .crt file and a .key file, for example, **yourdomain.com.crt** and **yourdomain.com.key**.



**1) Create your own Private Key:**

```
  openssl genrsa -out yourdomain.com.key 4096
```

**2) Generate a Certificate Signing Request:**

If you use FQDN like **yourdomain.com** to connect your registry host, then you must use **yourdomain.com** as CN (Common Name).

```
  openssl req -sha512 -new \
    -subj "/C=TW/ST=Taipei/L=Taipei/O=example/OU=Personal/CN=yourdomain.com" \
    -key yourdomain.com.key \
    -out yourdomain.com.csr 
```

**3) Generate the certificate of your registry host:**

Whether you're using FQDN like **yourdomain.com** or IP to connect your registry host, run this command to generate the certificate of your registry host which comply with Subject Alternative Name (SAN) and x509 v3 extension requirement:

**v3.ext**

```
cat > v3.ext <<-EOF
authorityKeyIdentifier=keyid,issuer
basicConstraints=CA:FALSE
keyUsage = digitalSignature, nonRepudiation, keyEncipherment, dataEncipherment
extendedKeyUsage = serverAuth 
subjectAltName = @alt_names

[alt_names]
DNS.1=yourdomain.com
DNS.2=yourdomain
DNS.3=hostname
EOF
```

```

  openssl x509 -req -sha512 -days 3650 \
    -extfile v3.ext \
    -CA ca.crt -CAkey ca.key -CAcreateserial \
    -in yourdomain.com.csr \
    -out yourdomain.com.crt
```

## Configuration and Installation

**1) Configure Server Certificate and Key for Harbor**

After obtaining the **yourdomain.com.crt** and **yourdomain.com.key** files, 
you can put them into directory such as ```/root/cert/```:

```
  cp yourdomain.com.crt /data/cert/
  cp yourdomain.com.key /data/cert/ 
```

**2) Configure Server Certificate, Key and CA for Docker**

The Docker daemon interprets ```.crt``` files as CA certificates and ```.cert``` files as client certificates. 

Convert server ```yourdomain.com.crt``` to ```yourdomain.com.cert```:

```
openssl x509 -inform PEM -in yourdomain.com.crt -out yourdomain.com.cert
```
Delpoy ```yourdomain.com.cert```, ```yourdomain.com.key```, and ```ca.crt``` for Docker:

```
  cp yourdomain.com.cert /etc/docker/certs.d/yourdomain.com/
  cp yourdomain.com.key /etc/docker/certs.d/yourdomain.com/
  cp ca.crt /etc/docker/certs.d/yourdomain.com/
```

The following illustrates a configuration with custom certificates:


```
/etc/docker/certs.d/
    └── yourdomain.com:port   
       ├── yourdomain.com.cert  <-- Server certificate signed by CA
       ├── yourdomain.com.key   <-- Server key signed by CA
       └── ca.crt               <-- Certificate authority that signed the registry certificate
```

Notice that you may need to trust the certificate at OS level. Please refer to the [Troubleshooting](#Troubleshooting) section below.

**3) Configure Harbor**

Edit the file `harbor.yml`, update the hostname and uncomment the https block, and update the attributes `certificate` and `private_key`:

```yaml
#set hostname
hostname: yourdomain.com

http:
  port: 80

https:
  # https port for harbor, default is 443
  port: 443
  # The path of cert and key files for nginx
  certificate: /data/cert/yourdomain.com.crt
  private_key: /data/cert/yourdomain.com.key

  ......

```

Generate configuration files for Harbor:

```
  ./prepare
```

If Harbor is already running, stop and remove the existing instance. Your image data remain in the file system

```
  docker-compose down -v
```
Finally, restart Harbor:

```
  docker-compose up -d
```
After setting up HTTPS for Harbor, you can verify it by the following steps:

* Open a browser and enter the address: https://yourdomain.com. It should display the user interface of Harbor. 

* Notice that some browser may still shows the warning regarding Certificate Authority (CA) unknown for security reason even though we signed certificates by self-signed CA and deploy the CA to the place mentioned above. It is because self-signed CA essentially is not a trusted third-party CA. You can import the CA to the browser on your own to solve the warning.

* On a machine with Docker daemon, make sure the option "-insecure-registry" for https://yourdomain.com is not present. 

* If you mapped nginx port 443 to another port, then you should instead create the directory ```/etc/docker/certs.d/yourdomain.com:port``` (or your registry host IP:port). Then run any docker command to verify the setup, e.g.


```
  docker login yourdomain.com
```
If you've mapped nginx 443 port to another, you need to add the port to login, like below:

```
  docker login yourdomain.com:port
```


## Troubleshooting
1. You may get an intermediate certificate from a certificate issuer. In this case, you should merge the intermediate certificate with your own certificate to create a certificate bundle. You can achieve this by the below command:  

    ```
    cat intermediate-certificate.pem >> yourdomain.com.crt 
    ```
2. On some systems where docker daemon runs, you may need to trust the certificate at OS level.  
   On Ubuntu, this can be done by below commands:  
   
    ```sh
    cp yourdomain.com.crt /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/yourdomain.com.crt
    update-ca-certificates
    ```  
    
   On Red Hat (CentOS etc), the commands are:  
   
    ```sh
    cp yourdomain.com.crt /etc/pki/ca-trust/source/anchors/yourdomain.com.crt
    update-ca-trust
    ```

Commit message:

Copying install and config rewrites into the right sections

docs/harbor-doc-reorg/install_config/installation/configure_https.md, after:

# Configuring Harbor with HTTPS Access

In versions up to and including 1.9.x, by default Harbor uses HTTP to serve registry requests. However, using HTTP is acceptable only in air-gapped test or development environments that do not have a connection to the external internet. Using HTTP in environments that are not air-gapped exposes you to man-in-the-middle attacks. In production environments, always use HTTPS. If you enable Content Trust with Notary to properly sign all images, you must use HTTPS. 

Harbor uses an `nginx` instance as a reverse proxy for all services. You use the `prepare` script to configure `nginx` to enable HTTPS.

You can use certificates that are signed by a trusted third-party CA, or  you can use self-signed certificates. The following sections describe how to create a CA, and how to use your CA to sign a server certificate and a client certificate. 

## Getting Certificate Authority

```
  openssl genrsa -out ca.key 4096
```
```
  openssl req -x509 -new -nodes -sha512 -days 3650 \
    -subj "/C=CN/ST=Beijing/L=Beijing/O=example/OU=Personal/CN=yourdomain.com" \
    -key ca.key \
    -out ca.crt
```

## Getting Server Certificate

Assuming that your registry's **hostname** is **yourdomain.com**, and that its DNS record points to the host where you are running Harbor. In production environment, you first should get a certificate from a CA. In a test or development environment, you can use your own CA. The certificate usually contains a .crt file and a .key file, for example, **yourdomain.com.crt** and **yourdomain.com.key**.



**1) Create your own Private Key:**

```
  openssl genrsa -out yourdomain.com.key 4096
```

**2) Generate a Certificate Signing Request:**

If you use FQDN like **yourdomain.com** to connect your registry host, then you must use **yourdomain.com** as CN (Common Name).

```
  openssl req -sha512 -new \
    -subj "/C=CN/ST=Beijing/L=Beijing/O=example/OU=Personal/CN=yourdomain.com" \
    -key yourdomain.com.key \
    -out yourdomain.com.csr
```

**3) Generate the certificate of your registry host:**

Whether you're using FQDN like **yourdomain.com** or IP to connect your registry host, run this command to generate the certificate of your registry host which comply with Subject Alternative Name (SAN) and x509 v3 extension requirement:

**v3.ext**

```
cat > v3.ext <<-EOF
authorityKeyIdentifier=keyid,issuer
basicConstraints=CA:FALSE
keyUsage = digitalSignature, nonRepudiation, keyEncipherment, dataEncipherment
extendedKeyUsage = serverAuth
subjectAltName = @alt_names

[alt_names]
DNS.1=yourdomain.com
DNS.2=yourdomain
DNS.3=hostname
EOF
```

```

  openssl x509 -req -sha512 -days 3650 \
    -extfile v3.ext \
    -CA ca.crt -CAkey ca.key -CAcreateserial \
    -in yourdomain.com.csr \
    -out yourdomain.com.crt
```

## Configuration and Installation

**1) Configure Server Certificate and Key for Harbor**

After obtaining the **yourdomain.com.crt** and **yourdomain.com.key** files,
you can put them into directory such as ```/root/cert/```:

```
  cp yourdomain.com.crt /data/cert/
  cp yourdomain.com.key /data/cert/
```

**2) Configure Server Certificate, Key and CA for Docker**

The Docker daemon interprets ```.crt``` files as CA certificates and ```.cert``` files as client certificates.

Convert server ```yourdomain.com.crt``` to ```yourdomain.com.cert```:

```
openssl x509 -inform PEM -in yourdomain.com.crt -out yourdomain.com.cert
```
Delpoy ```yourdomain.com.cert```, ```yourdomain.com.key```, and ```ca.crt``` for Docker:

```
  cp yourdomain.com.cert /etc/docker/certs.d/yourdomain.com/
  cp yourdomain.com.key /etc/docker/certs.d/yourdomain.com/
  cp ca.crt /etc/docker/certs.d/yourdomain.com/
```

The following illustrates a configuration with custom certificates:


```
/etc/docker/certs.d/
    └── yourdomain.com:port
       ├── yourdomain.com.cert  <-- Server certificate signed by CA
       ├── yourdomain.com.key   <-- Server key signed by CA
       └── ca.crt               <-- Certificate authority that signed the registry certificate
```

Notice that you may need to trust the certificate at OS level. Please refer to the [Troubleshooting](#Troubleshooting) section below.

**3) Configure Harbor**

Edit the file `harbor.yml`, update the hostname and uncomment the https block, and update the attributes `certificate` and `private_key`:

```yaml
#set hostname
hostname: yourdomain.com

http:
  port: 80

https:
  # https port for harbor, default is 443
  port: 443
  # The path of cert and key files for nginx
  certificate: /data/cert/yourdomain.com.crt
  private_key: /data/cert/yourdomain.com.key

  ......

```

Generate configuration files for Harbor:

```
  ./prepare
```

If Harbor is already running, stop and remove the existing instance. Your image data remain in the file system

```
  docker-compose down -v
```
Finally, restart Harbor:

```
  docker-compose up -d
```
After setting up HTTPS for Harbor, you can verify it by the following steps:

* Open a browser and enter the address: https://yourdomain.com. It should display the user interface of Harbor.

* Notice that some browser may still shows the warning regarding Certificate Authority (CA) unknown for security reason even though we signed certificates by self-signed CA and deploy the CA to the place mentioned above. It is because self-signed CA essentially is not a trusted third-party CA. You can import the CA to the browser on your own to solve the warning.

* On a machine with Docker daemon, make sure the option "-insecure-registry" for https://yourdomain.com is not present.

* If you mapped nginx port 443 to another port, then you should instead create the directory ```/etc/docker/certs.d/yourdomain.com:port``` (or your registry host IP:port). Then run any docker command to verify the setup, e.g.


```
  docker login yourdomain.com
```
If you've mapped nginx 443 port to another, you need to add the port to login, like below:

```
  docker login yourdomain.com:port
```


## Troubleshooting
1. You may get an intermediate certificate from a certificate issuer. In this case, you should merge the intermediate certificate with your own certificate to create a certificate bundle. You can achieve this by the below command:

    ```
    cat intermediate-certificate.pem >> yourdomain.com.crt
    ```
2. On some systems where docker daemon runs, you may need to trust the certificate at OS level.
   On Ubuntu, this can be done by below commands:

    ```sh
    cp yourdomain.com.crt /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/yourdomain.com.crt
    update-ca-certificates
    ```

   On Red Hat (CentOS etc), the commands are:

    ```sh
    cp yourdomain.com.crt /etc/pki/ca-trust/source/anchors/yourdomain.com.crt
    update-ca-trust
    ```
