docs/harbor-doc-reorg/install_config/installation/installation_prereqs.md, before:

# Harbor Installation Prerequisites

Harbor is deployed as several Docker containers, and, therefore, can be deployed on any Linux distribution that supports Docker. The target host requires Docker, and Docker Compose to be installed.

### Hardware

|Resource|Capacity|Description|
|---|---|---|
|CPU|minimal 2 CPU|4 CPU is preferred|
|Mem|minimal 4GB|8GB is preferred|
|Disk|minimal 40GB|160GB is preferred|

### Software

|Software|Version|Description|
|---|---|---|
|Docker engine|version 17.06.0-ce+ or higher|For installation instructions, please refer to: [docker engine doc](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/)|
|Docker Compose|version 1.18.0 or higher|For installation instructions, please refer to: [docker compose doc](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)|
|Openssl|latest is preferred|Generate certificate and keys for Harbor|

### Network ports

|Port|Protocol|Description|
|---|---|---|
|443|HTTPS|Harbor portal and core API will accept requests on this port for https protocol, this port can change in config file|
|4443|HTTPS|Connections to the Docker Content Trust service for Harbor, only needed when Notary is enabled, This port can change in config file|
|80|HTTP|Harbor portal and core API will accept requests on this port for http protocol|

Commit message:

Copying install and config rewrites into the right sections

docs/harbor-doc-reorg/install_config/installation/installation_prereqs.md, after:

# Harbor Installation Prerequisites

Harbor is deployed as several Docker containers. You can therefore deploy it on any Linux distribution that supports Docker. The target host requires Docker, and Docker Compose to be installed.

## Hardware

The following table lists the minimum and recommended hardware configurations for deploying Harbor.

|Resource|Minimum|Recommended|
|---|---|---|
|CPU|2 CPU|4 CPU|
|Mem|4 GB|8 GB|
|Disk|40 GB|160 GB|

## Software

The following table lists the software versions that must be installed on the target host.

|Software|Version|Description|
|---|---|---|
|Docker engine|version 17.06.0-ce+ or higher|For installation instructions, see [docker engine doc](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/)|
|Docker Compose|version 1.18.0 or higher|For installation instructions, see [docker compose doc](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)|
|Openssl|latest is preferred|Used to generate certificate and keys for Harbor|

## Network ports

Harbor requires that the following ports be open on the target host.

|Port|Protocol|Description|
|---|---|---|
|443|HTTPS|Harbor portal and core API accept HTTPS requests on this port. You can change this port in the configuration file.|
|4443|HTTPS|Connections to the Docker Content Trust service for Harbor. Only required if Notary is enabled. You can change this port in the configuration file.|
|80|HTTP|Harbor portal and core API accept HTTP requests on this port. You can change this port in the configuration file.|
