docs/working-with-projects/working-with-images/create-tag-retention-rules.md, before:

---
title: Create Tag Retention Rules
weight: 80
---

A repository can rapidly accumulate a large number of artifacts, many of which might not be required after a given time or once they have been superseded by a subsequent artifact build. These excess artifacts can obviously consume large quantities of storage capacity. As a Harbor system administrator, you can define rules that govern how many artifacts of a given repository to retain, or for how long to retain certain artifacts. 

## How Tag Retention Rules Work

You define tag retention rules on repositories, not on projects. This allows for greater granularity when defining your retention rules. As the name suggests, when you define a retention rule for a repository, you are identifying which tags to retain. You do not define rules to explicitly remove tags. Rather, when you set a rule, any tags in a repository that are not identified as being eligible for retention are discarded. The `OR` algorithm is used between rules.

A tag retention rule has 3 filters that are applied sequentially, as described in the following table.

|Order|Filter|Description|
|---|---|---|
|First|Repository or repositories|Identity the tags on which to apply the rule. You can identify repositories that either have a certain name or name fragment, or that do not have that name or name fragment. Wild cards (for example `*repo`, `repo*`, and `**`) are permitted. The repository filter is applied first to mark the repositories to which to apply the retention rule. The identified repositories are earmarked for further matching based on the tag criteria. No action is taken on the nonspecified repositories at this stage.|
|Second|Quantity to retain|Set which tags to retain either by specifying a maximum number of tags, or by specifying a maximum period for which to retain tags.|
|Third|Tags to retain|Identify the tag or tags on which to apply the rule. You can identify tags that either have a certain name or name fragment, or that do not have that name or name fragment. Wild cards (for example `*tag`, `tag*`, and `**`) are permitted. Use the checkbox to select whether untagged artifacts should be captured as part of the set of artifacts eligible for tag retention.|

For information about how the `**` wildcard is applied, see https://github.com/bmatcuk/doublestar#patterns.

### Example 1

- You have 5 repositories in a project, repositories A to E.
  - Repository A has 102 artifacts with 2 untagged, all of which have been pulled in the last week.
  - Repositories B to E each have 7 artifacts with 1 untagged artifact, none of which have been pulled in the last month.
- You set the repository filter to `**`, meaning that all repositories in the project are included.
- You set the retention policy to retain the 10 most recently pulled artifacts in each repository.
- You set the tag filter to `**`, keep "untagged artifacts" unchecked, meaning that all artifacts with at least one tag in the repository are included.

In this example the rule retains the 10 most recently pulled tagged artifacts in repository A, and the 6 of the artifacts in each of the 4 repositories B to E. So, a total of 34 artifacts are retained in the project. 
In other words, the rule does not treat all of the artifacts in repositories A to E as a single pool from which to choose the 10 most recent artifacts. 
So, even if the 11th to 100th tags in repository A have been pulled more recently than any of the tags in repositories B to E, all of the tagged artifacts in repositories B to E are retained, because each of those repositories has fewer than 10 tags, and all untagged artifacts are deleted.

### Example 2

This example uses the same project and repositories as example 1, but sets the retention policy to retain the artifacts in each repository that have been pulled in the last 7 days.

In this case, all of the 100 tagged artifacts in repository A are retained because they have been pulled in the last 7 days. None of the artifacts in repositories B to E are retained, because none of them has been pulled in the last week. In this example, 100 artifacts are retained, as opposed to 34 artifacts in example 1.
And all untagged artifacts are deleted.

### Example 3

This example uses the same project and repositories as example 2, but checked "untagged artifacts", then all artifacts in repository A are retained.

In this case, all of the 103 artifacts in repository A are retained because they have been pulled in the last 7 days. None of the artifacts in repositories B to E are retained, because none of them has been pulled in the last week. In this example, 103 artifacts are retained, as opposed to 100 artifacts in example 2.
And all untagged artifacts are retained.

### Tag Retention Rules and Native Docker Tag Deletion

**Note**: If an artifact has several tags, and only a partial set of tags are matched via the retention policy, then the artifact and all its tags will be retained. In other words, retention is matched at the tag level but retention / deletion is carried out at the artifact level, with retention fully preserving the artifact including all of its tags. 

For example, you have following tags, listed according to their push time, and all of them refer to the same SHA digest:

- `harbor-1.8`, pushed 8/14/2019 01:00am
- `harbor-release`, pushed 8/14/2019 03:00am
- `harbor-nightly`, pushed 8/14/2019 06:00am
- `harbor-latest`, pushed 8/14/2019 09:00am

You configure a retention policy to retain the two latest tags that match `harbor-*`, so that `harbor-nightly` and `harbor-latest` are retained. However, since all tags refer to the same SHA digest, this policy would also retain the tags `harbor-1.8` and `harbor-release`, so all tags are retained.

## Combining Rules on a Repository

You can define up to 15 rules per project. You can apply multiple rules to a repository or set of repositories. When you apply multiple rules to a repository, they are applied with `OR` logic rather than with `AND` logic. In this way, there is no prioritization of application of the rules on a given repository. Rules run concurrently in the background, and the resulting sets from each rule are combined at the end of the run.

### Example 4

This example uses the same project and repositories as examples 1 and 2, but sets two rules:

- Rule 1: Retain all of the artifacts in each repository that have been pulled in the last 7 days.
- Rule 2: Retain a maximum number of 10 artifacts in each repository.

For repository A, rule 1 retains all of the 100 tagged artifacts because they have all been pulled in the last week. Rule 2 retains the 10 most recently pulled artifacts. So, since the two rules are applied with an `OR` relationship, all 100 artifacts are retained in repository A.

For repositories B-E, rule 1 will retain 0 artifacts as no artifacts are pulled in the last week. Rule 2 will retain all 6 artifacts because 6 < 10. So, since the two rules are applied with an `OR` relationship, for repositories B-E, each repository will keep all 6 artifacts.

In this example, all of the artifacts are retained.

### Example 5

This example uses a different repository to the previous examples.

- You have a repository that has 12 tags:

  |Production|Release Candidate|Release|
  |---|---|---|
  |`2.1-your_repo-prod`|`2.1-your_repo-rc`|`2.1-your_repo-release`|
  |`2.2-your_repo-prod`|`2.2-your_repo-rc`|`2.2-your_repo-release`|
  |`3.1-your_repo-prod`|`3.1-your_repo-rc`|`3.1-your_repo-release`|
  |`4.4-your_repo-prod`|`4.4-your_repo-rc`|`4.4-your_repo-release`| 

- You define two tag retention rules on this repository:
  - Retain the 10 most recently pushed artifacts that start with `2`.
  - Retain the 10 most recently pushed artifacts that end with `-prod`.

In this example, the rules are applied to the following 8 tags:

- `2.1-your_repo-prod`
- `2.1-your_repo-rc`
- `2.1-your_repo-release`
- `2.2-your_repo-prod`
- `2.2-your_repo-rc`
- `2.2-your_repo-release`
- `3.1-your_repo-prod`
- `4.4-your_repo-prod`

Because there are no untagged artifacts, checking the checkbox makes no difference.

## How Tag Retention Rules Interact with Project Quotas

The Harbor system administrator can set a maximum on the number of tags that a project can contain and the amount of storage that it can consume. For information about project quotas, see [Configure Project Quotas](../../administration/configure-project-quotas/_index.md). 

If you set a quota on a project, this quota cannot be exceeded. The quota is applied to a project even if you set a retention rule that would exceed it. In other words, you cannot use retention rules to bypass quotas.

## Configure Tag Retention Rules

1. Log in to the Harbor interface with an account that has at least project administrator privileges.
1. Go to **Projects**, select a project, select **Policy**, and select **Tag Retention**.

   ![Tag options](../../../img/tag-retention1.png)
1. Click **Add Rule** to add a rule.
1. In the **Repositories** drop-down menu, select **matching** or **excluding**.
  ![Select repositories](../../../img/tag-retention2.png)
1. In the **Repositories** text box, identify the repositories on which to apply the rule.
  
   You can define the repositories on which to apply the rule by entering the following information:
  
   - A repository name, for example `my_repo_1`.
   - A comma-separated list of repository names, for example `my_repo_1,my_repo_2,your_repo_3`.
   - A partial repository name with wildcards, for example `my_*`, `*_3`, or `*_repo_*`.
   - `**` to apply the rule to all of the repositories in the project. 
  
   If you selected **matching**, the rule is applied to the repositories you identified. If you selected **excluding**, the rule is applied to all of the repositories in the project except for the ones that you identified.
1. In the **By artifact count or number of days** drop-down menu, define how many tags to retain or the period to retain tags.
  ![Select retention criteria](../../../img/tag-retention3.png)
  
   |Option|Description|
   |---|---|
   |**retain the most recently pushed # artifacts**|Enter the maximum number of artifacts to retain, keeping the ones that have been pushed most recently. There is no maximum age for an artifact.|
   |**retain the most recently pulled # artifacts**|Enter the maximum number of artifacts to retain, keeping only the ones that have been pulled recently. There is no maximum age for an artifact.|
   |**retain the artifacts pushed within the last # days**|Enter the number of days to retain artifacts, keeping only the ones that have been pushed during this period. There is no maximum number of artifacts.|
   |**retain the artifacts pulled within the last # days**|Enter the number of days to retain artifacts, keeping only the ones that have been pulled during this period. There is no maximum number of artifacts.|
   |**retain always**|Always retain the artifacts identified by this rule.| 

1. In the **Tags** drop-down menu, select **matching** or **excluding**.
1. In the **Tags** text box, identify the tags on which to apply the rule.
  
   You can define the tags on which to apply the rule by entering the following information:
  
   - A tag name, for example `my_tag_1`.
   - A comma-separated list of tag names, for example `my_tag_1,my_tag_2,your_tag_3`.
   - A partial tag name with wildcards, for example `my_*`, `*_3`, or `*_tag_*`.
   - `**` to apply the rule to all of the tags in the project. 
  
   If you selected **matching**, the rule is applied to the tags you identified. If you selected **excluding**, the rule is applied to all of the tags in the repository except for the ones that you identified.
1. Click **Add** to save the rule.
1. (Optional) Click **Add Rule** to add more rules, up to a maximum of 15 per project.
1. (Optional) Under Schedule, click **Edit** and select how often to run the rule.

   ![Select retention criteria](../../../img/tag-retention4.png)
   
   If you select **Custom**, enter a cron job command to schedule the rule. 
  
   **NOTE**: If you define multiple rules, the schedule is applied to all of the rules. You cannot schedule different rules to run at different times. 
1. Click **Dry Run** to test the rule or rules that you have defined.
1. Click **Run Now** to run the rule immediately.

**WARNING**: You cannot revert a rule after you run it. It is strongly recommended to perform a dry run before you run rules. 

To modify an existing rule, use the **Action** drop-down menu next to a rule to deactivate, edit, or delete that rule. 

![Modify tag retention rules](../../../img/tag-retention5.png)

Commit message:

Update doc on where tag retention rules are defined and how you can apply them. (#472)
1. Fixes https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/issues/18852

Signed-off-by: Alex Ru <rualex2008@gmail.com>

docs/working-with-projects/working-with-images/create-tag-retention-rules.md, after:

---
title: Create Tag Retention Rules
weight: 80
---

A repository can rapidly accumulate a large number of artifacts, many of which might not be required after a given time or once they have been superseded by a subsequent artifact build. These excess artifacts can obviously consume large quantities of storage capacity. As a Harbor system administrator, you can define rules that govern how many artifacts of a given repository to retain, or for how long to retain certain artifacts. 

## How Tag Retention Rules Work

You define tag retention rules on projects and can specify which repositories you want to apply it to. This allows for greater granularity when defining your retention rules. As the name suggests, when you define a retention rule for a repository, you are identifying which tags to retain. You do not define rules to explicitly remove tags. Rather, when you set a rule, any tags in a repository that are not identified as being eligible for retention are discarded. The `OR` algorithm is used between rules.

A tag retention rule has 3 filters that are applied sequentially, as described in the following table.

|Order|Filter|Description|
|---|---|---|
|First|Repository or repositories|Identity the tags on which to apply the rule. You can identify repositories that either have a certain name or name fragment, or that do not have that name or name fragment. Wild cards (for example `*repo`, `repo*`, and `**`) are permitted. The repository filter is applied first to mark the repositories to which to apply the retention rule. The identified repositories are earmarked for further matching based on the tag criteria. No action is taken on the nonspecified repositories at this stage.|
|Second|Quantity to retain|Set which tags to retain either by specifying a maximum number of tags, or by specifying a maximum period for which to retain tags.|
|Third|Tags to retain|Identify the tag or tags on which to apply the rule. You can identify tags that either have a certain name or name fragment, or that do not have that name or name fragment. Wild cards (for example `*tag`, `tag*`, and `**`) are permitted. Use the checkbox to select whether untagged artifacts should be captured as part of the set of artifacts eligible for tag retention.|

For information about how the `**` wildcard is applied, see https://github.com/bmatcuk/doublestar#patterns.

### Example 1

- You have 5 repositories in a project, repositories A to E.
  - Repository A has 102 artifacts with 2 untagged, all of which have been pulled in the last week.
  - Repositories B to E each have 7 artifacts with 1 untagged artifact, none of which have been pulled in the last month.
- You set the repository filter to `**`, meaning that all repositories in the project are included.
- You set the retention policy to retain the 10 most recently pulled artifacts in each repository.
- You set the tag filter to `**`, keep "untagged artifacts" unchecked, meaning that all artifacts with at least one tag in the repository are included.

In this example the rule retains the 10 most recently pulled tagged artifacts in repository A, and the 6 of the artifacts in each of the 4 repositories B to E. So, a total of 34 artifacts are retained in the project. 
In other words, the rule does not treat all of the artifacts in repositories A to E as a single pool from which to choose the 10 most recent artifacts. 
So, even if the 11th to 100th tags in repository A have been pulled more recently than any of the tags in repositories B to E, all of the tagged artifacts in repositories B to E are retained, because each of those repositories has fewer than 10 tags, and all untagged artifacts are deleted.

### Example 2

This example uses the same project and repositories as example 1, but sets the retention policy to retain the artifacts in each repository that have been pulled in the last 7 days.

In this case, all of the 100 tagged artifacts in repository A are retained because they have been pulled in the last 7 days. None of the artifacts in repositories B to E are retained, because none of them has been pulled in the last week. In this example, 100 artifacts are retained, as opposed to 34 artifacts in example 1.
And all untagged artifacts are deleted.

### Example 3

This example uses the same project and repositories as example 2, but checked "untagged artifacts", then all artifacts in repository A are retained.

In this case, all of the 103 artifacts in repository A are retained because they have been pulled in the last 7 days. None of the artifacts in repositories B to E are retained, because none of them has been pulled in the last week. In this example, 103 artifacts are retained, as opposed to 100 artifacts in example 2.
And all untagged artifacts are retained.

### Tag Retention Rules and Native Docker Tag Deletion

**Note**: If an artifact has several tags, and only a partial set of tags are matched via the retention policy, then the artifact and all its tags will be retained. In other words, retention is matched at the tag level but retention / deletion is carried out at the artifact level, with retention fully preserving the artifact including all of its tags. 

For example, you have following tags, listed according to their push time, and all of them refer to the same SHA digest:

- `harbor-1.8`, pushed 8/14/2019 01:00am
- `harbor-release`, pushed 8/14/2019 03:00am
- `harbor-nightly`, pushed 8/14/2019 06:00am
- `harbor-latest`, pushed 8/14/2019 09:00am

You configure a retention policy to retain the two latest tags that match `harbor-*`, so that `harbor-nightly` and `harbor-latest` are retained. However, since all tags refer to the same SHA digest, this policy would also retain the tags `harbor-1.8` and `harbor-release`, so all tags are retained.

## Combining Rules on a Repository

You can define up to 15 rules per project. You can apply multiple rules to a repository or set of repositories. When you apply multiple rules to a repository, they are applied with `OR` logic rather than with `AND` logic. In this way, there is no prioritization of application of the rules on a given repository. Rules run concurrently in the background, and the resulting sets from each rule are combined at the end of the run.

### Example 4

This example uses the same project and repositories as examples 1 and 2, but sets two rules:

- Rule 1: Retain all of the artifacts in each repository that have been pulled in the last 7 days.
- Rule 2: Retain a maximum number of 10 artifacts in each repository.

For repository A, rule 1 retains all of the 100 tagged artifacts because they have all been pulled in the last week. Rule 2 retains the 10 most recently pulled artifacts. So, since the two rules are applied with an `OR` relationship, all 100 artifacts are retained in repository A.

For repositories B-E, rule 1 will retain 0 artifacts as no artifacts are pulled in the last week. Rule 2 will retain all 6 artifacts because 6 < 10. So, since the two rules are applied with an `OR` relationship, for repositories B-E, each repository will keep all 6 artifacts.

In this example, all of the artifacts are retained.

### Example 5

This example uses a different repository to the previous examples.

- You have a repository that has 12 tags:

  |Production|Release Candidate|Release|
  |---|---|---|
  |`2.1-your_repo-prod`|`2.1-your_repo-rc`|`2.1-your_repo-release`|
  |`2.2-your_repo-prod`|`2.2-your_repo-rc`|`2.2-your_repo-release`|
  |`3.1-your_repo-prod`|`3.1-your_repo-rc`|`3.1-your_repo-release`|
  |`4.4-your_repo-prod`|`4.4-your_repo-rc`|`4.4-your_repo-release`| 

- You define two tag retention rules on this repository:
  - Retain the 10 most recently pushed artifacts that start with `2`.
  - Retain the 10 most recently pushed artifacts that end with `-prod`.

In this example, the rules are applied to the following 8 tags:

- `2.1-your_repo-prod`
- `2.1-your_repo-rc`
- `2.1-your_repo-release`
- `2.2-your_repo-prod`
- `2.2-your_repo-rc`
- `2.2-your_repo-release`
- `3.1-your_repo-prod`
- `4.4-your_repo-prod`

Because there are no untagged artifacts, checking the checkbox makes no difference.

## How Tag Retention Rules Interact with Project Quotas

The Harbor system administrator can set a maximum on the number of tags that a project can contain and the amount of storage that it can consume. For information about project quotas, see [Configure Project Quotas](../../administration/configure-project-quotas/_index.md). 

If you set a quota on a project, this quota cannot be exceeded. The quota is applied to a project even if you set a retention rule that would exceed it. In other words, you cannot use retention rules to bypass quotas.

## Configure Tag Retention Rules

1. Log in to the Harbor interface with an account that has at least project administrator privileges.
1. Go to **Projects**, select a project, select **Policy**, and select **Tag Retention**.

   ![Tag options](../../../img/tag-retention1.png)
1. Click **Add Rule** to add a rule.
1. In the **Repositories** drop-down menu, select **matching** or **excluding**.
  ![Select repositories](../../../img/tag-retention2.png)
1. In the **Repositories** text box, identify the repositories on which to apply the rule.
  
   You can define the repositories on which to apply the rule by entering the following information:
  
   - A repository name, for example `my_repo_1`.
   - A comma-separated list of repository names, for example `my_repo_1,my_repo_2,your_repo_3`.
   - A partial repository name with wildcards, for example `my_*`, `*_3`, or `*_repo_*`.
   - `**` to apply the rule to all of the repositories in the project. 
  
   If you selected **matching**, the rule is applied to the repositories you identified. If you selected **excluding**, the rule is applied to all of the repositories in the project except for the ones that you identified.
1. In the **By artifact count or number of days** drop-down menu, define how many tags to retain or the period to retain tags.
  ![Select retention criteria](../../../img/tag-retention3.png)
  
   |Option|Description|
   |---|---|
   |**retain the most recently pushed # artifacts**|Enter the maximum number of artifacts to retain, keeping the ones that have been pushed most recently. There is no maximum age for an artifact.|
   |**retain the most recently pulled # artifacts**|Enter the maximum number of artifacts to retain, keeping only the ones that have been pulled recently. There is no maximum age for an artifact.|
   |**retain the artifacts pushed within the last # days**|Enter the number of days to retain artifacts, keeping only the ones that have been pushed during this period. There is no maximum number of artifacts.|
   |**retain the artifacts pulled within the last # days**|Enter the number of days to retain artifacts, keeping only the ones that have been pulled during this period. There is no maximum number of artifacts.|
   |**retain always**|Always retain the artifacts identified by this rule.| 

1. In the **Tags** drop-down menu, select **matching** or **excluding**.
1. In the **Tags** text box, identify the tags on which to apply the rule.
  
   You can define the tags on which to apply the rule by entering the following information:
  
   - A tag name, for example `my_tag_1`.
   - A comma-separated list of tag names, for example `my_tag_1,my_tag_2,your_tag_3`.
   - A partial tag name with wildcards, for example `my_*`, `*_3`, or `*_tag_*`.
   - `**` to apply the rule to all of the tags in the project. 
  
   If you selected **matching**, the rule is applied to the tags you identified. If you selected **excluding**, the rule is applied to all of the tags in the repository except for the ones that you identified.
1. Click **Add** to save the rule.
1. (Optional) Click **Add Rule** to add more rules, up to a maximum of 15 per project.
1. (Optional) Under Schedule, click **Edit** and select how often to run the rule.

   ![Select retention criteria](../../../img/tag-retention4.png)
   
   If you select **Custom**, enter a cron job command to schedule the rule. 
  
   **NOTE**: If you define multiple rules, the schedule is applied to all of the rules. You cannot schedule different rules to run at different times. 
1. Click **Dry Run** to test the rule or rules that you have defined.
1. Click **Run Now** to run the rule immediately.

**WARNING**: You cannot revert a rule after you run it. It is strongly recommended to perform a dry run before you run rules. 

To modify an existing rule, use the **Action** drop-down menu next to a rule to deactivate, edit, or delete that rule. 

![Modify tag retention rules](../../../img/tag-retention5.png)
