docs/_index.md, before:

---
title: Harbor 2.11 Documentation
---

Welcome to the Harbor 2.11.x documentation. This documentation includes all of the information that you need to install, configure, and use Harbor.

## Harbor Installation and Configuration

This section describes how to install Harbor and perform the required initial configuration. These day 1 operations are performed by the Harbor Administrator. [Read more](install-config/_index.md)

## Harbor Administration

This section describes how to use and maintain your Harbor registry instance after deployment. These day 2 operations are performed by the Harbor Administrator. [Read more](administration/_index.md)

## Working with Harbor Projects

This section describes how users with the developer, maintainer, and project administrator roles manage users, and create, configure, and participate in Harbor projects. [Read more](working-with-projects/_index.md)

## Building, Customizing, and Contributing to Harbor

This section describes how developers can build from Harbor source code, customize their deployments, and contribute to the open-source Harbor project. [Read more](build-customize-contribute/_index.md)

## Access the Documentation Source Files

The source files for this documentation set are located in the [Harbor repository on Github](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/tree/release-2.8.0/docs).

For the previous versions of the docs, go to the [`docs` folder in the Github repository](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/tree/main/docs) and select the appropriate `release-X.Y.Z` branch.

Commit message:

created documentation for harbor-cli
Signed-off-by: ALTHAF <althafasharaf02@gmail.com>

docs/_index.md, after:

---
title: Harbor 2.11 Documentation
---

Welcome to the Harbor 2.11.x documentation. This documentation includes all of the information that you need to install, configure, and use Harbor.

## Harbor Installation and Configuration

This section describes how to install Harbor and perform the required initial configuration. These day 1 operations are performed by the Harbor Administrator. [Read more](install-config/_index.md)

## Harbor Administration

This section describes how to use and maintain your Harbor registry instance after deployment. These day 2 operations are performed by the Harbor Administrator. [Read more](administration/_index.md)

## Working with Harbor Projects

This section describes how users with the developer, maintainer, and project administrator roles manage users, and create, configure, and participate in Harbor projects. [Read more](working-with-projects/_index.md)

## Building, Customizing, and Contributing to Harbor

This section describes how developers can build from Harbor source code, customize their deployments, and contribute to the open-source Harbor project. [Read more](build-customize-contribute/_index.md)

## Harbor CLI Documentation

This section provides detailed documentation for the Harbor CLI, which allows users to interact with the Harbor using command-line commands.[Read more](cli-docs/_index.md)

## Access the Documentation Source Files

The source files for this documentation set are located in the [Harbor repository on Github](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/tree/release-2.8.0/docs).

For the previous versions of the docs, go to the [`docs` folder in the Github repository](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/tree/main/docs) and select the appropriate `release-X.Y.Z` branch.
