docs/import_vulnerability_data.md, before:

## Update an offline Harbor instance with new vulnerability data

Harbor has integrated with Clair to scan vulnerabilities in images. When Harbor is installed in an environment without internet connection, Clair cannot fetch data from the public vulnerability database. Under this circumstance, Harbor administrator needs to manually update the Clair database.

This document provides step-by-step instructions on updating Clair vulnerability database in Harbor v1.2.

**NOTE:** Harbor does not ship with any vulnerability data. For this reason, if Harbor cannot connect to Internet, the administrator must manually import vulnerability data to Harbor by using instructions given in this document.

### Preparation

A. You need to install an instance of Clair 2.0.1 with internet connection. If you have another instance of Harbor v1.2 with internet access, it also works.

B. Check whether your Clair instance has already updated the vulnerability database to the latest version. If it has not, wait for Clair to get the data from public endpoints.

- Use command `docker ps` to find out the container id of Clair.

- Run command `docker logs container_id` to check the log of the Clair container. If you are using Harbor you can find the latest Clair log under /var/log/harbor/2017-xx-xx/clair.log

- Look for logs that look like the below:
    ```
    Jul 3 20:40:45 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"finished fetching","Level":"info","Location":"updater.go:227","Time":"2017-07-04 03:40:45.890364","updater name":"rhel"}
    Jul 3 20:40:46 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"finished fetching","Level":"info","Location":"updater.go:227","Time":"2017-07-04 03:40:46.768924","updater name":"alpine"}
    Jul 3 20:40:47 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"finished fetching","Level":"info","Location":"updater.go:227","Time":"2017-07-04 03:40:47.190982","updater name":"oracle"}
    Jul 3 20:41:07 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"Debian buster is not mapped to any version number (eg. Jessie-\u003e8). Please update me.","Level":"warning","Location":"debian.go:128","Time":"2017-07-04 03:41:07.833720"}
    Jul 3 20:41:07 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"finished fetching","Level":"info","Location":"updater.go:227","Time":"2017-07-04 03:41:07.833975","updater name":"debian"}
    Jul 4 00:26:17 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"finished fetching","Level":"info","Location":"updater.go:227","Time":"2017-07-04 07:26:17.596986","updater name":"ubuntu"}
    Jul 4 00:26:18 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"adding metadata to vulnerabilities","Level":"info","Location":"updater.go:253","Time":"2017-07-04 07:26:18.060810"}
    Jul 4 00:38:05 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"update finished","Level":"info","Location":"updater.go:198","Time":"2017-07-04 07:38:05.251580"}
    ```
- The phrase "finished fetching" indicates that Clair has finished a round of vulnerability update from an endpoint. Please make sure all five endpoints (rhel, alpine, oracle, debian, ubuntu) are updated correctly. 

### Dumping vulnerability data 

- Log in to the host (that is connected to Internet) where Clair database (Postgres) is running.
- Dump Clair's vulnerability database by the following commands, two files (`vulnerability.sql` and `clear.sql`) are generated:

```
  $ docker exec clair-db /bin/bash -c  "pg_dump -U postgres -a -t feature -t keyvalue -t namespace -t schema_migrations -t vulnerability -t vulnerability_fixedin_feature" > vulnerability.sql
  $ docker exec clair-db /bin/bash -c "pg_dump -U postgres -c -s" > clear.sql
```

### Back up Harbor's Clair database
Before importing the data, it is strongly recommended to back up the Clair database in Harbor.
```
 $ docker exec clair-db /bin/bash -c  "pg_dump -U postgres -c" > all.sql
```

### Update Harbor's Clair database
Copy the `vulnerability.sql` and `clear.sql` to the host where Harbor is running on. Run the below commands to import the data to Harbor's Clair database:

```
 $ docker exec -i clair-db psql -U postgres < clear.sql
 $ docker exec -i clair-db psql -U postgres < vulnerability.sql
```

### Rescanning images
After importing the data, trigger the scanning process in the administrator's web UI: **Administration**->**Configuration**->**Vulnerability**->**SCAN NOW**. Harbor reflects the new changes after the scanning is completed. (Otherwise the summary of the image vulnerabilities will not be displayed correctly.)

Commit message:

Updated clair db import for Harbor 1.6+
Signed-off-by: Brett Johnson <brett@sdbrett.com>

docs/import_vulnerability_data.md, after:

## Update an offline Harbor instance with new vulnerability data

Harbor has integrated with Clair to scan vulnerabilities in images. When Harbor is installed in an environment without internet connection, Clair cannot fetch data from the public vulnerability database. Under this circumstance, Harbor administrator needs to manually update the Clair database.

This document provides step-by-step instructions on updating Clair vulnerability database in Harbor.

**NOTE:** Harbor does not ship with any vulnerability data. For this reason, if Harbor cannot connect to Internet, the administrator must manually import vulnerability data to Harbor by using instructions given in this document.

### Preparation

A. You need to install an instance of Clair  with internet connection. If you have another instance of Harbor with internet access, it also works.

B. Check whether your Clair instance has already updated the vulnerability database to the latest version. If it has not, wait for Clair to get the data from public endpoints.

- Use command `docker ps` to find out the container id of Clair.

- Run command `docker logs container_id` to check the log of the Clair container. If you are using Harbor you can find the latest Clair log under /var/log/harbor/2017-xx-xx/clair.log

- Look for logs that look like the below:
    ```
    Jul 3 20:40:45 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"finished fetching","Level":"info","Location":"updater.go:227","Time":"2017-07-04 03:40:45.890364","updater name":"rhel"}
    Jul 3 20:40:46 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"finished fetching","Level":"info","Location":"updater.go:227","Time":"2017-07-04 03:40:46.768924","updater name":"alpine"}
    Jul 3 20:40:47 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"finished fetching","Level":"info","Location":"updater.go:227","Time":"2017-07-04 03:40:47.190982","updater name":"oracle"}
    Jul 3 20:41:07 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"Debian buster is not mapped to any version number (eg. Jessie-\u003e8). Please update me.","Level":"warning","Location":"debian.go:128","Time":"2017-07-04 03:41:07.833720"}
    Jul 3 20:41:07 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"finished fetching","Level":"info","Location":"updater.go:227","Time":"2017-07-04 03:41:07.833975","updater name":"debian"}
    Jul 4 00:26:17 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"finished fetching","Level":"info","Location":"updater.go:227","Time":"2017-07-04 07:26:17.596986","updater name":"ubuntu"}
    Jul 4 00:26:18 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"adding metadata to vulnerabilities","Level":"info","Location":"updater.go:253","Time":"2017-07-04 07:26:18.060810"}
    Jul 4 00:38:05 172.18.0.1 clair[3516]: {"Event":"update finished","Level":"info","Location":"updater.go:198","Time":"2017-07-04 07:38:05.251580"}
    ```
- The phrase "finished fetching" indicates that Clair has finished a round of vulnerability update from an endpoint. Please make sure all five endpoints (rhel, alpine, oracle, debian, ubuntu) are updated correctly. 

## Harbor version < 1.6

If you're using a version of Harbor prior to 1.6, you can access the correct instructions for your version using the following URL.
https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/blob/v\<VERSION NUMBER>/docs/import_vulnerability_data.md

## Harbor version >= 1.6

Databased were consolidated in version 1.6 which moved the clair database to the harbor-db container and removed the clair-db container.

### Dumping vulnerability data 

- Log in to the host (that is connected to Internet) where Clair database (Postgres) is running.
- Dump Clair's vulnerability database by the following commands, two files (`vulnerability.sql` and `clear.sql`) are generated:

_NOTE: The container name 'clair-db' is a placeholder for the db container used by the internet connected instance of clair_

```
  $ docker exec clair-db /bin/sh -c  "pg_dump -U postgres -a -t feature -t keyvalue -t namespace -t schema_migrations -t vulnerability -t vulnerability_fixedin_feature" > vulnerability.sql
  $ docker exec clair-db /bin/sh -c "pg_dump -U postgres -c -s" > clear.sql
```

### Back up Harbor's Clair database
Before importing the data, it is strongly recommended to back up the Clair database in Harbor.
```
 $ docker exec harbor-db /bin/sh -c  "pg_dump -U postgres -c" > all.sql
```

### Update Harbor's Clair database
Copy the `vulnerability.sql` and `clear.sql` to the host where Harbor is running on. Run the below commands to import the data to Harbor's Clair database:

```
 $ docker exec -i harbor-db psql -U postgres < clear.sql
 $ docker exec -i harbor-db psql -U postgres < vulnerability.sql
```

### Rescanning images
After importing the data, trigger the scanning process in the administrator's web UI: **Administration**->**Configuration**->**Vulnerability**->**SCAN NOW**. Harbor reflects the new changes after the scanning is completed. (Otherwise the summary of the image vulnerabilities will not be displayed correctly.)
